what's up guys haunted purpose here
today we're doing a Hunger Games this is
our very first Hunger Games episode on
xbox and today we are joined by pinball
see Dylan but see Dylan 28 excuse me
lilianne psycho ex 4ax streets myself
and the gaming shot i'll be sure to
leave everybody's channel link down in
the description below i know there is a
couple people recording and i don't want
to say who specifically because i don't
know if they are or not and of course my
remote died so let me see if I get this
back on I don't I don't even have a
battery pack to plug in my remote this
is going to be fun alright so anyways we
are at the zoo welcome to the zoo team
leader is comic guy belief um excuse me
Lily red stone golem nice what's up go
oh let's see other people here I'll just
let you guys read this right quick
flirtatious Fox that's a weird name
interesting and what do we have over
here roles no pranking blocks no leaving
the zoo area no got out of my white
straight what was that say no cheating
leave once you're dead do not kill
animals duh time period is one minute
play in fantasy texture pack blah blah
blah remember stay I can't even
pronounce it yeah I'm very bad at
reading guys but anyways I am ready to
go and my remotes gonna die on me again
so hopefully I can get this through and
hopefully it won't be too too bad cuz
yeah my remotes dying and I it's kind of
a bummer I don't have a spare battery
pack right quick to put in so i can't
really you know stop and it's gonna keep
doing that and my remote keeps dying but
it looks like we're started let's go up
here and see what we can get and the
chest come on come on leg thank you I
gotta stick couple cookies arrows more
stick iron ingot
and see if I can there you go got that
right quick this chest here come on come
on come on thank you dang it I got it
for me I'm gonna go ahead and go up this
way see if I can follow streets kind of
sort of maybe he can team with me
alright so let's go ahead and see what
we can do here I had a chunk issues keep
having chunk of cheese and with my
battery also my battery keeps wanting to
die on me I try to put in a battery pack
and of course it it's kind of dial so
I'm just not in a good position right
now but let's see what I can do here
it's a chest up here I don't have
anything very or anything really
valuable at all to use oh I hate the
live on chest so I really do such a pain
era lying as more sticks I can probably
well that was great I find a crafting
table would be I'll be good
he looks like streets wants to team up
with me a bit I don't really have much
to offer him but if he wants a sittin
team good he could probably help me out
big time I don't I don't have anything
going for me I'll dude thank you so much
let's see if I can go and follow Street
hair and everything else he looks like
he wants to run on the roller coaster oh
do nice time in Boots all right let's go
ahead to dye my boots on I'm have it I
can't believe streets just missed that
pair of diamond boots it's awesome well
it's funny but awesome at the same time
um just out here nothing in it
who's that okay that's streets over
there I wanted to see who was over here
I don't want to die by anybody unless I
absolutely need to but let's see you I
think everybody already rated these
chests yeah they did and let's see here
streets has been through these been
through that and open chest open chest
open chest open sesame thank you and
there's nothing in there Oh gaming shot
it was slain by Lily wow that was quick
oh I'm not even gonna go that way I
think she has a diamond sword or whoever
that was it looked like they had a
diamond sword I don't even want to go
down that road and that's an unloaded
chunk for me I believe Oh dylan's are
going after streets or streets and
Dillon are going together ah ah ah get
him get her oh no oh I died o streets
killed us both oh that sucks well that
was a short-lived Hunger Games oh I'm
going to try to go ahead and find some
more Hunger Games mounts and everything
else them if I can excuse me for the
background noise take it off my headset
so I can hear myself talk um I want to
go ahead and try to find some Hunger
Games maps if I can hopefully this video
comes out as decent as I plan on it to
be coming out and hopefully you guys
also enjoy my voice and if I sound
totally different which streets said I
sound different on skype I thought that
was pretty funny he's like this is
really haunted I'm like you know it's me
dude he's like oh okay well but anyways
I hope my voice comes out pretty well I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did do me a favor drop a like on the
video down below and also check out
everybody's channel link down below in
the description especially expert ax
streets he's a great friend and you know
his video his channels its I think he's
almost at 500 subscribers and he's about
to do a 500 subscriber special and he
doesn't know what he needs to do for it
so he doesn't even know I'm gonna say
anything
about this but if you guys go and check
out his channel and subscribe to him
that would be greatly appreciated so
thank you guys so much for and watching
this video I am hoping that you enjoyed
it and I'll talk to you guys later this
is onto purpose out and remember guys
stay evil